Alright, in this section, we want to
take a look at using form posts and
form posts are pretty important things
when we're developing a traditional web
application because we're going to post
data back to the server. And this is
going to handle both the initial
creation and an update of some type of
data back at the server. And
traditionally this is done through a
post and posting form data. So it's been
around like as long as the Internet
but a lot of people don't look at it too
close. And in a Spring MVC context, what
we're going to do is let's say we have
our controller. So this is our controller,
and over here we have our web
application. Now when we want to present
the form to the controller, we're going
to create an object. And we're going to
bind data to that object and this is
going to be happening within inside of
Spring MVC. And we are going to pass that
object over and ultimately, the data
properties are going to get passed over
to that. So this would be more for like
an update or perhaps in a create scenario
where we want to initialize the form
with some initial data provided from
Spring MVC. Now this is going to get
submitted back via post. And Spring MVC
is going to handle this as well and by
convention, as long as we make the form
property names, the same as the object
property names, so I'm talking this
object right here. I'm trying to help you
visualize what's happening. Upon that
post and the controller the framework is
going to bind those properties of the
form post to a bean for us to work with. So
it's a really handy way to work. This has
been around for a long time. Some people
call it a command object or a command
bean, I also here backing bean. So there's
a few different names. The terminology
around us a little loose but the concept
is we're going to have a POJO,
so this guy is going to be a POJO,
and we will take that and we'll
initialize the form, the view with that
POJO and any properties we want
initialize on the form so that that will
be done through binding for us. And then
when we get the beam back, the framework
itself is going to handle that. It's
going to take that post for us. And what
I want to do now is, let's switch over
and take a closer look at this. I'm going
to bring up an application. We'll take a
look at the actual HTTP cymatics on what's
going on under the covers in this whole
transaction here. Okay what's happening
here is, I have a Spring Boot application.
I've actually set up Apache TCPMon
inside of IntelliJ to act as a proxy. So
I am going against port 8081
which is what the TCPMon is listening
on. I have Spring Boot running on port
8080 and this is a simple form post. This
is design on my Thymeleaf course. I'm
not going to share the source with this.
I'm just using this as an example of a
form post. I'm going to look at that
right now and we'll be getting into
form posts going forward in the
course for sure. But this is just a handy
example for me to pull up and what we
want to do is take a look at the submit
action. So I'm going to submit this form. So I'll just click on submit and you can see
down there, I've actually got an error
back so some validation errors happened
and we will be getting into that for
sure. But you can see that it does the
initial post here and it goes against
the web server and then it starts
out doing some get actions. So let's
take a closer look at that inside of TCP
Mon that's up inside of IntelliJ. So there's that post and it came up and
what we want to look at is, here we went
to 8081, we can see the origin is 8081,
and in the content type you can see application/x-www-form-urlencoded. And here, here's
the URL encoding of the form data and
this is what Spring is going to get and
bind to the bean. So it's actually going
to do a binding to that bean and by the
property names. So these property names are going to
match bean names of what's happening
with the binding inside of Spring Data.
So we're going to match these two
regular old POJO. So there's some rules
around that as far as the property
matching it and let me toggle over. I get
a little slide presentation prepared
to talk about some of the binding
attributes and as we move forward in the
course, we are going to be using this. So
we're going to set up a command object
which we will use to render the create
form and obviously we won't need to
initialize any data there. Not on a
create there. It could be a scenario that we
do want to but then we will post back to
the server to create like a new recipe,
and these properties will get bound to
that POJO. So it's pretty important to
understand how this binding process is
working. Now we're going to talk about
how that data binding does happen inside
the Spring framework and talking about
the command objects that we're going to
use the shuttle information to and from
forms. So what Spring is going to do is
automatically bind this for us and it's
going to be done by property name and
actually, if you're looking at using
reflection, it's the property name but
we're going to use the getter or setter. So
typically we will say get property name
or set property name but it's the actual
root property name without the get or
set. Some people get that confused. Now
that let's say we have a person bean
and that person bean has a property of
first name. So if it has a parameter name
firstName, it's going to get bound to
firstName. Likewise if that person had
an address and an address object like an
addressLine1, so if we use the dot
notation, so this is important, the dot
notation allows us to navigate the
object graph. So if we just pass a
property on that form named address dot
addressLine1, that would
automatically bind to the addressLine1
of the property. And then we can also
support the use of arrays. So let's say
our person bean had an email list. So
actually I've got a bunch of different
email
addresses that I use for various
different purposes and if we want to
capture that on a form, in some type of
array we could do so. So that email would
get an index property. So email bracket 0
would be the first property, the first
index and then email 1, remember it's
going to be zero base Java thing. Your
indexes are zero base. So this is an
example of having properties and you do
the string literal of email bracket 0
bracket on your form, on your HTML form
and that is going to get translated into
an index property inside of the Java
Bean. So these are
kind of the high-level rules of doing
the data binding and this is just how
Spring is going to bind from a web form
post to your your bean. Now in the next
video we are going to take a closer look
at actually setting up a command object
that we can use with our forms and we
will get that working in a
create context. So we'll create a new
record for a recipe using a command
bean or command object.